Add A-97178 (#16277)
cockroachdb/docs: advisories/a97178.md

toc: true
affected_versions: v22.2.4
advisory_date: 2023-02-16
docs_area: releases
---

Publication date: {{ page.advisory_date | date: "%B %e, %Y" }}

## Description

If a cluster is  upgraded directly from v22.1.x directly to v22.2.4 and has not been finalized, or if a previous upgrade to v22.2.x was not finalized and the cluster is then upgraded to v22.2.4, non-admin users are unable to connect to the cluster until the upgrade is either finalized or rolled back.

This issue affects only v22.2.4 clusters.

## Statement

Cockroach Labs has withdrawn v22.2.4, and it can no longer be downloaded.

The issue is resolved in CockroachDB v22.2.5 by PR [#97183](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/pull/97183).

This public issue is tracked by [#97178](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/issues/97178).

## Mitigation

Users of CockroachDB 22.2.4 that experience this issue should either [finalize the upgrade](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/upgrade-cockroach-version.html#step-5-finish-the-upgrade) or roll back to the version that they were using before the upgrade.

> To roll back to a previous version, self-hosted customers should replace the binary on each node with the binary for the previous version, then restart the node. Cockroach Cloud customers should refer to [Roll back the upgrade](/docs/cockroachcloud/upgrade-to-v22.2.html#roll-back-the-upgrade).

Author: ```suggestion
To roll back to a previous version, self-hosted customers should replace the binary on each node with the binary for the previous version, then restart the node. Cockroach Cloud clusters are not impacted by this issue, and no action is required.
```

Reviewer: this lgtm!
